Task/um 814 enable developer flag (#523)
LLNL/Umpire: CMakeLists.txt

endif()
option(ENABLE_FILE_RESOURCE "Enable File Resource" On)

> if(WIN32)

Reviewer: I don't think we need to set this off here - it will print a warning if someone tries to turn it on. We just need to make sure it's turned off for the Windows CI.

if (ENABLE_TESTS)
  add_subdirectory(tests)
endif ()

> if (ENABLE_DEVELOPER_BENCHMARKS)

Reviewer 2: Question: What happens if `ENABLE_DEVELOPER_BENCHMARKS=On` and `ENABLE_BENCHMARKS=Off`?

Author: Enable_benchmarks turns on blt GoogleBenchmark support, and our enable_developer_benchmarks turns on our Umpire benchmarks. So if the developer_benchmarks is on and the enable_benchmarks is off, then only the stress tests will be run. If they are both on, then both stress tests and google benchmarks will be run. If enable_benchmarks is on, but the developer_benchmarks is off, then it will only enable GoogleBenchmark in BLT and I have that warning statement printed out that no actual benchmarks will be built.

  add_subdirectory(benchmarks)
  if ((NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE) OR (NOT ${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE} STREQUAL "Release"))

>     message("-- Warning: Please set CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release when benchmarking!")

Reviewer 2: I think that it might be useful to run with BUILD_TYPE is set to Debug when/if one is actually debugging a benchmark implementation.  I like the warning message though and suggest it could be changed to:
```suggestion
    message("-- Warning: CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE not set to Release, benchmark information will not be reliable for this build!")
```

if (ENABLE_TESTS)
  add_subdirectory(tests)
endif ()

if (ENABLE_DEVELOPER_BENCHMARKS)
  add_subdirectory(benchmarks)
  if ((NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE) OR (NOT ${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE} STREQUAL "Release"))
    message("-- Warning: Please set CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release when benchmarking!")
  endif()
else()

>   message("-- Warning: Benchmarks will not be built. If you want to build with benchmarks,\n"

Reviewer: I don't think this warning is necessary.

Author: I thought we mentioned this specifically yesterday. Like that "enable_benchmarks" doesn't actually enable the benchmarks... maybe better for documentation stuff?
